Continuing from our previous session where we saw high availability property of our deployment.
Now let's see if we can auto scale our system.
Let's go to our console.
But before we go there, let's check this what's the number of instances for our services?
Let me put a filter on that so that they are clearly visible.
OK.
So all of these services, they have got one one instance, an Excel Gateway service parts which are
called three instances because we scale them up manually.
So let me do this.
Let me scale them back to one instance.
Let's revert back that manual scaling that we did early on.
OK, so this should.
Actually, terminate some of the notes from Google service now the target is one or two of them will
come down.
So while this is happening?
Let's apply horizontal port or scalar configuration to our cluster.
So for that, we will use this cube deployed script.
And over here we will use
scripts in autos.
Those five scalar directly an auto scan that is the only YAML file which is there right now.
And we have seen that during configuration that we have provided horizontal powered auto scaling definition
over there.
So let's use this to configure auto scalar for our services.
So let me use this.
OK, so these horizontal part order scales have been attached to our workloads.
Let's verify that.
And we have attached them to services and also to a web application and service page application.
So they should all get auto scan, but they will scale up only if there is some law.
So what we are going to do over here is we are going to simulate some law so that they can be scaled
up.
So let me remove this filter now, all the services, they have got one one instances.
And that single page application and BP WebApp also has got one one instances, but let's verify if
the scalar horizontal part or the skin that has been added so that is min max replica is three and mini
replica is one.
I think it is unable to read all matrix, probably because I have not set up the resources for web application.
That should be OK.
But we will get that warning, but I think we have all of these identity sources for all our other services,
so this model killer looks absolutely fine.
So he had a minimum number of replicas is one maximum is three.
We can similarly verify this for.
Other services, so let's say.
Or this.
So for order service also or to scale, it is attached and mini replica is one and makes replica is
three.
And we have configured CPU metric.
If it goes CPU utilization goes above 50 percent, then this shirt scale up our system.
Now, in order to scale up our system, we have got some geometry tests already configured and in order
to run those geometry tests.
What we'll have to do is we'll have to go to Kubernetes directly and there is a script called Cube Test.
So there's a script that we're going to use.
This script basically uses a configuration file, which is that in agree, let's open that.
So this geometry, or Yemen file has got a definition of Jamie to run.
So this will run a load test and these are the parameters we have asked this to connect to gateway service
provider, deport the number of users and create a number of times.
If you'd run the test and the lower level sort of sending adjustment of parameters is needed.
It can be done over here.
Right now, we're good to go.
So we will just run this test for that.
We will use this to test and this queue just creates this.
Let me I forgot to tell you one thing that this has a Kubernetes object of type, job or run.
It runs once and its job is finished.
So this is if we're going to this object of type job, which will run once.
So we are going to run that using the script cube test.
And again, this script takes care of the parameters.
And in case we are applying this script, what it does is it substitutes those environment variables
inside that script and it runs.
This command cube will create minus have over the modified finds.
It is similar to how we have been doing this with the help of other scripts like you volumes or cube.
The same thing is being done in cube desktops.
Also nothing different.
Now it's time to run this so cube test that's run this.
So this is going to create a new workload off type job.
Let's see that.
OK, so it should be OK, it's over here.
Jamie Burnett So this is a job that got created, so this is running right now.
Let's see the logs for this.
The logs for this is we can.
I painted the command.
So that it is easy to view the locks of evil, and this commander is nothing special.
We just need to look at the logs and we have seen that how to check logs, the same similar command
we are used to here it.
And they're saying that the load test is in progress right now.
So we have some 18 requests or 15 requests per second are being processed right now on an average.
Let's see if this is resulting in two scaling of our services because this Nord is going to services.
So if you see this authorization service part, there is a disturbance over there.
It needs to scale up to three boards, get the service boards, need to scale up to two parts.
We have set it to one.
So now this also needs to be scaled up and order.
So it seems like that needs to be scaled up to three boards.
And they are being scaled up right now, so that's auto scaling, which is working for us right now.
And we will let this auto scaling to complete.
And then we will run another, Jamie, this looks like this is complete and Jamie protesters running
right now.
It has a throughput of about 18 to 15 requests per second, so we will wait for this to finish and then
we will run this again and see if we can increase this throughput.
There are some errors over here.
There are very low in number, they are probably related to concurrency because there are some users
that may be clashing for the same card item so that this percentage is really somewhat less than one
percent.
I need to fix this, but this is not going to stop us from running.
This load test with this load test right now is it's complete.
And its throughput initially started with 15, 18 14 and finished somewhere in the region of 21 request
per second.
Let's run this once again.
Let's run this queue test once again.
This will create delete the previous run and will create a new job and the new job you can monitor from
here.
By executing this command.
So this has created a new front.
And that has started with a total of 21 requests for a second.
Let's see if that improves.
So we'll have to look at one.
So now, if you see this, the throughput has gone up by almost two and a half times the kind of hard
because we have now augmented the number of boards which actually got augmented automatically, so are
to port has also increased.
So we can see this.
This is a good demonstration of our system scaling up because of the law and not only it has scaled
up in terms of the number of boards that are there right now.
But it that scaling up has also resulted in the increase of throughput, so we are now able to process
more number of requests in lesser time.
So this run finished in much less time than the previous.
The previous round took much longer.
And this one finished in much less time.
And that happened because we were able to auto scale our system.
So with this, we are done with auto scaling.
Our system has the property of model getting.
Whenever we are subjecting to load, it is scaling up.